http://www.usacustomguitars.com/necks,usacustomguitars.com/necks,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
https://musikraft.com/faq-2/,musikraft.com,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://www.warmoth.com/Guitar/Necks/BackContours.aspx,*warmoth,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://shop.fender.com/de-DE/electric-guitars/telecaster/,*fender,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://forum.gibson.com/index.php?/topic/74036-gibson-neck-profiles,*gibson forum,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://www.graphtech.com/docs/default-document-library/quick-sizing-guide.pdf,graphtech - sizing guide and pre-slotted nuts (pdf),https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yiBbIzGjW8,youtube.com,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://www.lutherie.net/fret.chart.html,lutherie.net,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://music.stackexchange.com/questions/14019/how-much-does-an-electric-guitars-body-physics-affect-the-tone-playability-et,music.stackexchange.com,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://www.callahamguitars.com/technicalinfo.htm,callahamguitar.com,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
https://abm-guitarpartsshop.com/From-a-solid-Block-to-a-Bridge:_:206.html?language=en,ABM,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
https://www.premierguitar.com/articles/24295-guitar-shop-101-happy-little-string-trees,Happy Little String Trees,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://www.buildyourguitar.com/resources/lemme/index.htm,buildyourguitar.com -  The Secrets of Electric Guitar Pickups by Lemme,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://www.seymourduncan.com/pickup-selector-step-1,seymourduncan.com,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://www.dimarzio.com/pickup-picker,dimarzio.com,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
https://open-guitars.de/egitarrenbau/pu-anschlussarten/,open.guitars (german),https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://www.seymourduncan.com/wiring-diagrams,seymourduncan,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://www.dimarzio.com/support/wiring-diagrams,dimarzio,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
https://www.amplifiedparts.com/tech-corner/electric-guitar-wiring-diagrams,amplifiedparts,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://www.planetz.com/guitar-tone-capacitors-material-types,http://www.planetz.com/guitar-tone-capacitors-material-types,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://blog.philadelphialuthiertools.com/2013/05/16/choosing-the-correct-knob-for-your-guitar-or-bass/,philadelphialuthiertools.com,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://www.guitar-letter.de/Angebot/BufferUndAmps/Impedanzwandler.htm,Custom Buffers (german),https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
https://www.daddario.com/products/guitar/electric-guitar/,daddario.com,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://www.ghsstrings.com/products?categories=electric-guitar,ghsstrings.com,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://www.ghsrep.net/uploads/2/2/2/5/22258814/ghs_electric_guitar_string_guide.pdf,tension guide (pdf),https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
http://www.thomastik-infeld.com/fretted-instruments,thomastik-infeld.com,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
https://www.frudua.com/wood-tone-reference-diagram.htm,frudua.com,https://github.com/gitfrage/guitarspecs#readme,Electric Guitar Specifications
