https://buffer.com/add,https://buffer.com/add,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://linkedin.com/shareArticle,https://linkedin.com/shareArticle,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://www.whatsapp.com/faq/en/iphone/23559013,https://www.whatsapp.com/faq/en/iphone/23559013,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://about.flipboard.com/tools/,https://about.flipboard.com/tools/,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://buffer.com/extras/button,https://buffer.com/extras/button,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://www.google.com/bookmarks/mark?op=edit,https://www.google.com/bookmarks/mark?op=edit,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://developer.linkedin.com/docs/share-on-linkedin,https://developer.linkedin.com/docs/share-on-linkedin,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
http://widget.renren.com/dialog/share,http://widget.renren.com/dialog/share,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://plus.google.com/share,https://plus.google.com/share,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://www.xing.com/spi/shares/new,https://www.xing.com/spi/shares/new,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://dev.xing.com/plugins/share_button/docs,https://dev.xing.com/plugins/share_button/docs,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
http://dev.renren.com/website/?widget=rrshare,http://dev.renren.com/website/?widget=rrshare,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://doubledip.se,Vincent Klaiber,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink,https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
http://line.me/R/msg/text,http://line.me/R/msg/text,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
http://www.echojs.com/submit,http://www.echojs.com/submit,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://news.ycombinator.com/bookmarklet.html,https://news.ycombinator.com/bookmarklet.html,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/Email_links,https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/Email_links,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php,https://facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/share-button/,https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/share-button/,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://www.instagram.com/developer/mobile-sharing/,https://www.instagram.com/developer/mobile-sharing/,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://media.line.me/howto/en/,https://media.line.me/howto/en/,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://developers.pinterest.com/docs/pin-it/,https://developers.pinterest.com/docs/pin-it/,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://www.instapaper.com/text,https://www.instapaper.com/text,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://getpocket.com/save,https://getpocket.com/save,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://getpocket.com/add,https://getpocket.com/add,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
http://reddit.com/submit,http://reddit.com/submit,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
http://open.weibo.com/wiki/ShareCode,http://open.weibo.com/wiki/ShareCode,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
http://www.stumbleupon.com/submit,http://www.stumbleupon.com/submit,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://www.tumblr.com/widgets/share/tool,https://www.tumblr.com/widgets/share/tool,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://www.tumblr.com/docs/en/share_button,https://www.tumblr.com/docs/en/share_button,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
https://www.viber.com/en/viber-share-button,https://www.viber.com/en/viber-share-button,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
http://vk.com/share.php,http://vk.com/share.php,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links
http://vk.com/dev/share_details,http://vk.com/dev/share_details,https://github.com/vinkla/shareable-links#readme,Social Media Share Links