https://atom.io/packages/standard-formatter,standard-formatter,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://atom.io/packages/standardjs-snippets,standardjs-snippets,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/standard-reporter,standard-reporter,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/happiness,happiness,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/generate-swap-generator,generate-swap-generator,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/standard,standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://packagecontrol.io/packages/SublimeLinter-contrib-standard,SublimeLinter-contrib-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
http://npm-stat.com/charts.html?package=standard&author=&from=&to=,download graphs of standard (npm-stat.com),https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://packagecontrol.io/packages/StandardFormat,StandardFormat,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/standard-summary,standard-summary,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/standard-markdown,standard-markdown,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/doublestandard,doublestandard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=chenxsan.vscode-standardjs,vscode-standardjs,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=capaj.vscode-standardjs-snippets,vscode-standardjs-snippets,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=TimonVS.ReactSnippetsStandard,vscode-react-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint,eslint,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/grunt-standard,grunt-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/stylelint-config-standard,stylelint-config-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/xo,xo,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/snazzy,snazzy,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/standard-engine,standard-engine,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-standard,gulp-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/standard-sass,standard-sass,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsw,jsw,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/standard-tap,standard-tap,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-config-standard,eslint-config-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/mocha-standard,mocha-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/obama,obama,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/semistandard,semistandard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-config-standard-jsx,eslint-config-standard-jsx,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/standard-json,standard-json,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/standard-loader,standard-loader,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/uber-standard,uber-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://npmjs.com/package/a-standard,aStandard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-plugin-standard,eslint-plugin-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://hub.docker.com/r/geniousphp/standard-js/,docker-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/rollup-plugin-standard,rollup-plugin-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/videojs-standard,videojs-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://npmjs.com/package/standard-own,standard-own,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://atom.io/packages/linter-js-standard,linter-js-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://atom.io/packages/linter-js-standard-engine,linter-js-standard-engine,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/generator-babel-standard,generator-babel-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/standard-focus,standard-focus,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/yodlr-standard,yodlr-standard,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/standa,standa,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style
https://www.npmjs.com/package/generate-swap-project,generate-swap-project,https://github.com/standard/awesome-standard#readme,Standard Style