https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperblue-vibrancy,hyperblue-vibrancy,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 404: 'Not Found'> | reason: Not Found
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperblue,hyperblue,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 404: 'Not Found'> | reason: Not Found
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-broadcast,hyper-broadcast,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 500: 'Internal Server Error'> | reason: Internal Server Error
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-gruvbox,hyperterm-gruvbox,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 500: 'Internal Server Error'> | reason: Internal Server Error
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperganymede,hyperganymede,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 500: 'Internal Server Error'> | reason: Internal Server Error
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-final-say,hyper-final-say,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-statusline,hyper-statusline,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-summon,hyperterm-summon,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-cat-cursor,hyper-cat-cursor,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-search,hyper-search,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-theme,hyper-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-transparent-dynamic,hyper-transparent-dynamic,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-chesterish,hyper-chesterish,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-atom-dark-transparent,hyper-atom-dark-transparent,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-sierra,hyper-sierra,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-bold-tab,hyperterm-bold-tab,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperzsh,hyperzsh,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperalfred,hyperalfred,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-one-dark-vivid,hyper-one-dark-vivid,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-material-box,hyper-material-box,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-native-window-decoration,hyper-native-window-decoration,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-custom-touchbar,hyper-custom-touchbar,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-flat-2,hyper-flat-2,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-autohide-tabs,hyper-autohide-tabs,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-overlay,hyperterm-overlay,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-electron-highlighter,hyperterm-electron-highlighter,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypernasa,hypernasa,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-statusline-extended,hyper-statusline-extended,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-paste,hyperterm-paste,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/gitrocket,gitrocket,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-thirtyone,hyper-thirtyone,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypergoogle,hypergoogle,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-vsplit-fix,hyper-vsplit-fix,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-horizon,hyperterm-horizon,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-retro,hyperterm-retro,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-snazzy,hyper-snazzy,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperinator,hyperinator,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-city-lights,hyper-city-lights,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-aurora,hyper-aurora,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-one-light,hyper-one-light,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-cobalt2-theme,hyperterm-cobalt2-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-material-theme,hyper-material-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-hide-scroll,hyper-hide-scroll,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-save-windowstate,hyper-save-windowstate,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-flat,hyper-flat,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperminimal,hyperminimal,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-overlay,hyper-overlay,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-firewatch,hyperterm-firewatch,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperocean,hyperocean,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypernpm,hypernpm,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-lastpass,hyperterm-lastpass,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypergravity,hypergravity,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperduck,hyperduck,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-white-theme,hyper-white-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-hide-title,hyper-hide-title,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-sourcerer,hyperterm-sourcerer,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-hybrid,hyperterm-hybrid,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-papercolor,hyper-papercolor,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-solarized-dark,hyper-solarized-dark,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-drop-file,hyper-drop-file,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-aww,hyper-aww,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-materialshell,hyper-materialshell,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-colors,hyperterm-colors,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-systray,hyper-systray,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-autoprofile,hyper-autoprofile,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-open-devtools,hyperterm-open-devtools,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-frontend-delight,hyper-frontend-delight,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-tab-icons,hyper-tab-icons,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperpanic,hyperpanic,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-startup,hyper-startup,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/space-pull,space-pull,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-quit,hyper-quit,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-zenburn,hyper-zenburn,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-clean,hyper-clean,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-wal,hyper-wal,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-spacegray,hyperterm-spacegray,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-light-drifter,hyperterm-light-drifter,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-peacock,hyper-peacock,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-dark-drifter,hyperterm-dark-drifter,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-ayu,hyper-ayu,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-window-size,hyper-window-size,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-dnd-tabs,hyper-dnd-tabs,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-midnight,hyper-midnight,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-tabs-enhanced,hyper-tabs-enhanced,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-zigorat,hyper-zigorat,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-gruv,hyper-gruv,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-install-devtools,hyperterm-install-devtools,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/config-hyperterm,config-hyperterm,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-fileio,hyper-fileio,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperpunk,hyperpunk,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-bloodbath,hyper-bloodbath,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-confirm,hyper-confirm,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-cobalt-next,hyper-cobalt-next,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-hover-header,hyper-hover-header,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-tomorrow-night,hyperterm-tomorrow-night,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-material-spacegray,hyperterm-material-spacegray,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-dark-fusion,hyperterm-dark-fusion,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-pokemon,hyper-pokemon,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-arc-dark-controls,hyper-arc-dark-controls,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypertheme,hypertheme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperambient,hyperambient,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/is-hyper,is-hyper,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-ayu-light,hyper-ayu-light,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-monochrome,hyper-monochrome,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-hybrid-reduced-contrast,hyper-hybrid-reduced-contrast,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-history,hyper-history,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-solarized-light,hyper-solarized-light,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypersolar-dark,hypersolar-dark,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperfullscreen,hyperfullscreen,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-postprocessing,hyper-postprocessing,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-match,hyper-match,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-ubuntu-theme,hyperterm-ubuntu-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-material,hyperterm-material,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-monokai-deluxe,hyper-monokai-deluxe,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-dark-macos,hyperterm-dark-macos,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-blink,hyper-blink,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperpower,hyperpower,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-polarbear,hyper-polarbear,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests